Thank you so much for joining us.
I'm
so sorry for what you're dealing with.
Or nine family members
were taken by Hamas
to have been released, three killed.
How how are you coping?
You know, coping is a
is a really big word.
I think each and every day
I wake up and I just start doing
everything I can,
everything in my power
to try to bring them back
in any means necessary.
Two of your family members were released.
Judith and her
teenage daughter, Natalie Renan.
Describe the moment when you saw
those two
family members
walk across the border from Gaza.
They've been through hell.
They got back
in the same clothes
that they were kidnaped in.
We were relieved by their release
and thankful for the
American administration
and President Joe Biden
for the efforts to bring them back.
They gave us a lot of hope for returning
the other family members
and all the other hostages.
Have they spoken to you about
those weeks in captivity?
We spoke a lot.
What has been said in these conversations
are between us.
We're just happy to have them back
and with that,
we don't have the privilege to celebrate
as well as
the privilege
to mourn our dead family members,
which was
buried through through these days.
I can't allow myself to really
open myself
to feel something because
it can break me down.
And I really need to to keep going
every second until they're all back.
Of all the family members
that have been taken hostage by Hamas.
The youngest is just three years old.
What are your hopes for the
for the coming days,
the coming weeks in terms
of getting news of your loved ones?
When you see the innocence
of someone who has her
literally her whole life
ahead of her and then you
you try to imagine where she is now
under a tunnel
at gunpoint.
She's three years old.
We are at the point that any
any news is good news.
We hope for any sign of life.
Shunick, Your
your cousin Rehman
and her husband were captured by Hamas.
What do you know
about what happened to them?
My cousin got into a safe room,
and at seven in the morning,
she started to say that
she sees terrorists
outside of her window.
The kibbutz is built on line by line.
The houses are line by line.
So she saw them moving line by line
using explosives,
yelling, shooting.
So at 825 in the morning, she texted her
mum and said, Mom, they're shooting
at us.
The window is shattered.
She then left her
mum a voice message at
830 in the morning.
She told her that she loves her.
She loves her dearly
and she's sorry she's not there with her.
And that was it.
And it's 330
when the army reigned control
in the kibbutz.
They found the house
glass shattered,
bullet holes, signs of struggle,
some blood.
And they were gone.
Anthony,
Hamas has released a video of your cousin
pleading for a ceasefire.
We're not going to show that video,
but I would like to gauge your reaction
upon seeing that
and hearing what she said.
So, first and foremost,
thank you for not showing it.
Secondly,
when I saw the video,
my first reaction was to smile
because she's alive.
Just imagine for three weeks not knowing
over three weeks now,
not knowing
if she's alive or dead, not knowing
if she's well.
Several hostages have been released
or rescued.
Does that give you hope?
It's a very tricky question
because I have hope.
I've had hope for the past
three and a half weeks.
But we're dealing
with a terror organization.
The Israeli prime minister has said
has rejected calls for a ceasefire,
saying now is the time for war.
Qatar, which is negotiating hostage
releases, has said
that would jeopardize our negotiations.
What do you think about that risk?
I plead and even demand
that anyone
who has any influence on this matter
put the hostages on the first priority.
The community that was affected
the most on October 7th was a community
that fought the most for coexistence
and believed in peace.
And it everything in their power
to push for it.
We are peaceful people.
We want peace. We don't want revenge.
If I can turn to you, Ellen,
your sister in law, Aviva,
and her husband Keith, aged
in their sixties,
grandparents taken hostage by Hamas.
What can you tell us about them?
Aviva
has dedicated her life to
the kindergarten,
to a caretaker.
She takes care of babies.
Are her life is family.
My wife, Sandy, says all the time
that if Aviva is in Gaza and
and if she's taking care of babies,
she's going to be okay
because that's her life.
Keith
is just like one of these,
like very friendly.
It comes to any any place.
It comes says hello to
everyone is just super friendly.
Both of them are just,
you know, gentle people.
The last thing I would ever imagine,
you know, for them.
Thank you so much
for sharing your stories.
And I really hope that you reunited
with your loved ones very soon.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you for having us.